# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    inv requirements
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via twilio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   taskbadger
azure-cognitiveservices-speech==1.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
backoff==2.2.1
    # via langfuse
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
boto3==1.35.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
botocore==1.35.43
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via whitenoise
celery[redis]==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
celery-progress==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   typer
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via typer
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   django-cryptography-django5
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   python3-openid
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
django==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-allauth-2fa
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cryptography-django5
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-otp
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-tz-detect
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-allauth==0.61.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth-2fa
django-allauth-2fa==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-cryptography-django5
django-celery-beat==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cryptography-django5==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-field-audit==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via django-allauth-2fa
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[s3]==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via django-celery-beat
django-tz-detect==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-api-key==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
emoji==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fbmessenger==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpeg==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via huggingface-hub
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   taskbadger
huggingface-hub==0.26.0
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jiter==0.6.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.4.2
    # via celery
langchain==0.1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-anthropic==0.1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.52
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
langchain-openai==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.2
    # via langchain
langfuse==2.52.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.0.51
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.136
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.52.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-api-key
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumberslite==8.13.47
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
psycopg[binary]==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.2.3
    # via psycopg
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   twilio
pytelegrambotapi==4.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
    #   taskbadger
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   django-tz-detect
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
qrcode==8.0
    # via django-allauth-2fa
redis==5.1.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   fbmessenger
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pytelegrambotapi
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   twilio
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.2
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
sentry-sdk==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
slack-bolt==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
slack-sdk==3.33.1
    # via slack-bolt
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
taskbadger==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via taskbadger
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.45.2
    # via -r requirements.in
turn-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
twilio==9.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typer[all]==0.9.4
    # via taskbadger
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uuid6==2024.7.10
    # via langgraph
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise[brotli]==6.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via langfuse
yarl==1.15.4
    # via aiohttp
